# 29/11/2019

### 1. Conference aim

   Discuss questions about the interim report

### 2. Attendance

|                   |                     |
| ----------------- | ------------------- |
| Gurjyot Kaur      |                     |
| Kejia Wu          | Attend              |
| Liam Orrill       | Attend              |
| Nicole Millinship | Attend              |
| Teana Rashid      | Attend              |
| Xuanhao Li        | Absent (Preclaimed) |
| Dario Lando-Silva | Attend              |



We should split the topics we need to cover and decide how many pages each topic should roughly be

​	If a bullet point can't be covered yet, we need to determine whether it can't be covered in our project (and explain this in the report) or if we still need to do it but we haven't yet in the project.

Include references to the repository, e.g more details about this in /a/b/file.md 

in-line documentation - comments inside the code

​	We need to add these into our repository files

​	Put comments above the line of code, and explain the line

​	

