#  13/02/2020

### 1. Conference aim

    To discuss our progress so far.

### 2. Attendance

|                   |        |
| ----------------- | ------ |
| Gurjyot Kaur      | Attend |
| Kejia Wu          | Attend |
| Liam Orrill       | Attend |
| Nicole Millinship | Attend |
| Teana Rashid      | Absent |
| Xuanhao Li        | Absent |

## 3. Discussion

Kobe is working on generating a report in excel, but he's struggling to match the formatting of Madhu's template report. He has also been fixing some bugs identified when demoing the system.

Gurj is nearly finished on the stylesheet of the system, and will begin working on the pop-ups next.

Liam has been working on testing. 

Nicole hasn't finished grouping the administrators into their teams, but she has added a bug fix to the add holiday/deployment calendars. 

We're now going to work on a new dev branch for our future developments.

## 4. Work Allocation

Kobe - finish generating a report

Liam - try to develop the email system

Gurj - finish stylesheets and begin creating pop-ups to replace alerts.

Nicole - work on grouping administrators