#  27/02/2020

### 1. Conference aim

    To discuss our progress so far, and talk about our mark from the interim report.

### 2. Attendance

|                   |        |
| ----------------- | ------ |
| Gurjyot Kaur      | Absent |
| Kejia Wu          | Attend |
| Liam Orrill       | Attend |
| Nicole Millinship | Attend |
| Teana Rashid      | Attend |
| Xuanhao Li        | Absent |
| Dario             | Attend |

## 3. Discussion

We discussed how we should've improved the interim report. The structure we used for the report was the main issue, because it made the work less like a report and more like a list of answers to questions, and it caused a lot of repetition. We also should've included more technical content on how we were implementing features; including things like pseudocode, diagrams, etc.. We should try to create more drafts of the work to show Dario before the deadline.

Liam has completed a demo for the auto-email system, and he just needs to allow you to set what email address the email has been sent from. We're unsure how Gurj's css is going. Kobe has also got a demo for the report generation, since he asked Madhu if he could miss out implementing the formatting. This also needs to be implemented into the system. Teana's drag and drop work needs some bug fixing but is going to be put onto gitlab. Nicole has completed displaying employees into groups and has added it to the system. 

## 4. Work Allocation

Since a lot of our team members have coursework deadlines next week, we have agreed that deadlines for completing our allocated work is in two weeks rather than one.

Liam - continue working on the email system and try to implement it into the system.

Teana - fix her drag and drop demo and upload it to the dev branch

Kobe - integrate his report generator into the system  

Nicole - admin work; check that everything in gitlab is organised and that meeting minutes are clear. 

