#  06/02/2020

### 1. Conference aim

    To demo our system to Dario, and discuss what we're working on.

### 2. Attendance

|                   |        |
| ----------------- | ------ |
| Gurjyot Kaur      | Attend |
| Kejia Wu          | Attend |
| Liam Orrill       | Attend |
| Nicole Millinship | Attend |
| Teana Rashid      | Attend |
| Xuanhao Li        | Absent |
| Dario             | Attend |

## 3. Discussion

The sponsor meeting has been moved to Thursday, 13th February at 3-5pm.

Kobe and Liam have some issues implementing the auto-email system and want to discuss with the sponsor about altering the requirement.

### 4. Allocation

- Gurj - create pop-ups and style them, to replace the javascript alert() we have now.  
- Kobe - fix bugs 
- Liam - fix bugs
- Teana - drag and dropping employees onto the timetable demo
-  Nicole - rearrange the list of all users page so that employees in the same group are grouped together