#  19/03/2020

### 1. Conference aim

To discuss progress 

### 2. Attendance

|                   |        |
| ----------------- | ------ |
| Gurjyot Kaur      | Absent |
| Kejia Wu          | Attend |
| Liam Orrill       | Attend |
| Nicole Millinship | Attend |
| Teana Rashid      | Absent |
| Xuanhao Li        | Absent |
| Charles           | Attend |

## 3. Discussion

We talked about what had been achieved so far. Liam has been working on testing and Kejia has been bug-fixing. Nicole has been drafting the final report. We're unsure of the progress of Teana and Gurj which makes it difficult to know what work to assign next. 

If Gurj hasn't finished her work on the stylesheets then Kejia and Liam have agreed to pick up the work. Liam has been looking into the bootstrap library which should make styling faster and easier. 

Nicole is going to keep working on the report. She is looking for input from the rest of the team on some of the technical parts of the report, such as testing and technical difficulties different team members have faced. She has added notes in the report for parts which still need to be completed.  



