#  27/02/2020

### 1. Conference aim

    To discuss our progress so far, and talk about our mark from the interim report.

### 2. Attendance

|                   |        |
| ----------------- | ------ |
| Gurjyot Kaur      | Absent |
| Kejia Wu          | Attend |
| Liam Orrill       | Absent |
| Nicole Millinship | Absent |
| Teana Rashid      | Absent |
| Xuanhao Li        | Absent |
| Dario             | Absent |
| Charles           | Absent |

## 3. Discussion

Discuss with Charles about the progress of the project and our application of the git version constrol system.
According to CHarles' suggestions, whorking together should be a better choice for out team.

The face to face meeting is changed to 18th afternoon 4 to 5. Kejia Wu will double check the specific time next week.

## 4. Work Allocation

Teana - fix her drag and drop demo and upload it to the dev branch

Kobe - work with Gurjyot to insert style sheet and notice board into the system
